Okay, so now let's talk about SSL
and TLS Certificates.
So this is a dumb down version of how this works.
This is obviously way more complicated
but I want to introduce you to the concepts
in case you don't know it.
And even if you do know SSL and TLS,
please watch this lecture.
I'm going to talk about SNI
and I'm going to talk about the integrations
with load balancers.
So bear with me please.
So an SSL certificate allows the traffic
between your clients and your load balancer
to be encrypted while in transit.
This is called in-flight encryption.
So that means the data as it goes through a network is going
to be encrypted and only going to be able to be decrypted
by the sender and the receiver.
So, SSL refers to Secure Sockets Layer
and it's used to encrypt transfer connections.
And TLS is the newer version of SSL
and it refers to Transport Layer Security.
But the thing is, nowadays,
TLS certificates are the one that are mainly used,
but people, including myself,
I will still refer this as SSL.
So I'm making a mistake,
but I'm making it on purpose, okay?
So it's better to say a TLS certificate
than SSL certificates,
but for many reasons, I'm still gonna say it's SSL
because it's easier to understand.
So public SSL certificates are issued
by Certificate Authorities,
and they include something like Comodo, Symantec, GoDaddy,
GlobalSign, Digicert, Letsencrypt, and so on.
And using this public SSL certificate attached
to our load balancer,
we're able to encrypt the connection
between the clients and the load balancer.
So whenever you go to a website,
for example google.com or anything, any other website,
and you have a lock or a green lock
that means that your traffic is encrypted.
And if traffic is not encrypted,
you'll have a red sign saying,
"Hey, traffic is not encrypted.
Don't put your credit card details.
Don't put your login information because it's not secure."
So the SSL certificates, they have an an expiration date
that you set and they must be renewed regularly
to make sure that they're authentic, okay?
So how does it work from a load balancer perspective?
So users connect over HTTPS,
and it's S because it's using SSL certificates
and it's encrypted.
It's secure,
and it connects over the public internet
to your load balancer.
And internally, your load balancer does something
called SSL certificate termination.
And in the backend, it can talk to your EC2 instance
using HTTP, so not encrypted,
but the traffic goes over your VPC,
which is private traffic network.
And that is somewhat secure.
So the load balancer will load an X.509 certificate,
which is called a SSL or TLS server certificate.
And you can manage these SSL certificates in AWS using ACM,
meaning AWS Certificate Manager.
So we're not going to view ACM in that lecture
but just to get an idea of what it is.
Now, you can also upload your own certificates
to ACM if you wanted to.
And when you set you an HTTPS listener,
you must specify a default certificate.
Then you can add an optional list of certs
to support multiple domains,
and clients can use something called SNI
or Server Name Indication
to specify the hostname they reach.
Now don't worry, I'm going to explain what SNI is
in details in the next slide
because it is really, really important for you
to understand what it means.
That means that, and you can also,
finally for HTTPS, set a specific security policy
if you wanted to support all their versions
of SSL and TLS, called also legacy clients.
Okay, so let's talk about SNI 'cause it is so important.
SNI solves a very important problem,
which is how do you load multiple SSL certificates
onto one web server in order for that web server
to serve multiple websites?
And there's a newer protocol
that now requires the client to indicate the hostname
of the target server in the initial SSL handshake.
So the client will say,
"I want to connect to this website."
And the server will know what certificate to load.
And so, this is a newer protocol and this is something new.
Not every client supports this.
So it only works when you use the application load balancer
and the network load balancer, so the newer generations,
or CloudFront.
And we'll see what CloudFront is later in this course.
And it does not work when you use the classic load balancer
because it is older generation.
So anytime you see multiple SSL certificates
onto your load balancer, think ALB or NLB.
So as a diagram, what does it look like?
We have our ALB here and we have two target groups.
The first one is www.mycorp.com,
and the second one is Domain1.example.com.
So the ALB will be routing to these target groups
based on some rules and the rules may be directly linked,
in this case to the hostname.
So the ALB will have two SSL certificates:
Domain1.example.com and www.mycorp.com,
which corresponds to the corresponding target groups.
Now the clients connects to our ALB and says,
"I would like www.mycorp.com",
and that is part of server name indication.
And the ALB says, "Okay, I've seen that you want mycorp.com.
Let me use the correct SSL certificates
to fill that request."
So it's going to take the right SSL certificates,
encrypt the traffic,
and then thanks to the routes,
it's going to know to redirect
to the correct target group, mycorp.com.
And obviously, if you have another client connecting
to your ALB for Domain1.example.com,
then you will be able
to pull the right SSL certificate again
and connect to the right target group.
So using SNI or server name indication,
you are able to have multiple target groups
for different websites using different SSL certificates.
Excellent.
So finally, what is supported for SSL certificates?
So classic load balancer is yes,
you can only support one SSL certificate.
And if you want multiple hostnames
with multiple SSL certificates,
the best way is to use multiple classic load balancer.
For ALB, the v2, you need to,
you can support multiple listeners
with multiple SSL certificates.
And that's the great part of it,
and it uses SNI to make it work.
And we just saw what it is.
And for the NLB or network load balancer,
it supports, again, multiple listeners
with multiple SSL certificates,
and it will use SNI again to make it work.